The MC is now on her way to the company's base of operations. She flies through a desert-like area, which is around her town.
As she progresses through the area, she runs into and defeats enemy soldiers. There are a wide variety of soldiers, but they're all relatively easy to take care of and take down.

She eventually gets into her first run-in with one of the company's "bosses" (not quite a boss in the literal sense of being, say, the CEO of the company, but rather a video game boss; the boss of the area, per se). The first boss is named Takako.

Takako has the appearance of a military general. She acts composed for a while when she is first revealed, but she then reveals her true colors. She's actually a bit of a wacky, out-there character. She's got plenty of energy and is quite wild. Her conversation with the MC is a reveal of a cool-seeming character who scoffs at the MC before starting to laugh maniacally and become silly. She's not as cool as she seems at first, after a few words are exchanged.

A battle takes place between them (in-game). Takako isn't all that skilled, as she's randomly firing bullets. She basically just shoots everywhere and doesn't think too much about it, instead hoping that the barrage from her arsenal (twin SMGs) will eventually hit the player. After the battle (which the MC wins), they'll exchange a few more words. The MC comments on her lack of skill, which Takako brushes off as "being a little rusty" because she hadn't "faced such a powerful opponent" (referring to the MC). Takako then whispers to herself, "it's definitely not because I got lucky enough to get promoted to my current rank and got a bunch of cool weapons I've never used before." Takako will then drop a few bits of lore. She'll reveal a bit more about the company, their goals, and how there's others the MC will have to face on her adventure. She'll congratulate the MC for defeating her, because she's one of the chosen few who became generals ("and totally not because I just happened to get the promotion from coincidences"). She'll make a comment along the lines of "not being the last [the MC] will see of [her]." After this, she flies off laughing before crashing into a wall, comically. The MC ingnores her and flies on.

The MC continues on her journey after this, and the scene transitions to that of a factory-like area. She tears through the forces and reaches the second boss. The second boss notices the MC and she congratulates her for "getting this far," but that it's "too late." The MC says that it's "never too late, I'll take you down now!" Boss 2 tells the MC to "prepare yourself, then" and the battle begins.

Boss 2 wields a whip sword, but also has 2 orbs that shoot laser attacks. Her attacks make use of this arsenal. After the battle, which the MC wins again, she'll comment, "Jeez, if you were that hungry, I would've just ordered you more food." The MC is confused, naturally, and questions boss 2 about this. Boss 2 asks, "weren't you pissed that you missed lunch?" to which MC replies "no" and reveals her intentions to defeat the company. Boss 2 goes, "huh." She says to the MC, "they don't pay me enough for this, do whatever you want." She says talks about how "it's about time for some dessert" and asks the MC if she wants to join her for a parfait, to which she replies, "maybe later." Boss 2 comments that it's a shame, because "there'll be no more later" before telling the MC to watch the factory for her and leaving. The MC calls after her: "H-hey! You can't just ditch your job and push it onto a total stranger!" She just sighs, says that "at least [her] job is easier", and continues on.